Unify OMP Target Offload Events into a Single Perfetto (#233)
ROCm/rocprofiler-systems: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed the file path to the script that merges Perfetto files from multi-process MPI runs. The script has also been renamed from "merge-multiprocess-output.sh" to "rocprof-sys-merge-output.sh".

> - Improve readability of OpenMP target offload traces by showing on a single Perfetto track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved readability of the OpenMP target offload traces by showing on a single Perfetto track.
```
